All right. You are ready to start the project for this course.
As a quick review,
you get to play the part of a data scientist for an exciting unicorn healthcare startup.
That has created a groundbreaking diabetes drug that is ready for clinical trial testing.
Your job is to build a predictive model that can identify
which type of patients the company should focus their efforts testing this drug on.
Here is a preview of some of the things you do in the project.
You get to build a regression model that can predict
the estimated hospitalization time for a patient and also
provide an uncertainty estimate range for that prediction.
So you can rank the predictions based off the uncertainty range.
You'll use your new skills to work with a data set built off of
University of California Irvine diabetes readmissions dataset.
So you'll be using real health care data.
At the end, you'll create
a demographic bias analysis similar to here to detect if your model has any bias,
which is something we need to avoid when working with health care data.
When finished with this project and course,
you'll be able to use health care codes to group and categorize data.
You will also be able to split datasets without
leakage and build features using the TensorFlow Feature Column API,
and finally you'll be able to build,
evaluate and interpret models while accounting for demographic bias and uncertainty.
I wish you the very best of luck on this project and
hope you are able to put all of your new skills to use.